Okay.
So I've checked my spacing and it looks good enough for me.
I spaced that there's a 40 pixel distance between them.
So the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create this button here.
More options button and then.
The thing now follow up to after that will be the collar button and then the numbers.
So to create a more options button, instead of designing a journey from scratch, I'll just duplicate
what I have.
I just instead of creating this from scratch, I'll just duplicate the apply now button and then modify
it a bit to suit my more questions button.
So let me make the distance.
Hmm.
Yeah.
60 seems good enough.
60.
60 seems okay to.
I double click.
Since it's a group I have to drop.
Since it's a group I have to double click to in order to select only the rectangular shape.
So I double click and I select just the rectangular shape.
And then I stretches a bit.
As you can see here.
Then I change.
And we use this to exercise a bit too.
So I change it from my plan.
On to more questions.
Good.
Okay.
So if you notice in the button that a circular thing with an icon, a forward icon inside it, so I'm
going to create my circular thing.
Or spherical shape.
So I go to the shape to click on the down order and then select my ellipse.
I want to draw a correct circle.
So to do that, I press and hold shift.
And then I create my circle.
Good.
This.
This looks good enough.
So I'm just going to change the color from this to whites.
Yeah.
It works for me.
Once again, I go back to I quantify it to find an icon that matches that.
So I would just say forward, central forward.
This matches that.
So I drag this into my working space once again.
I close this and then move this into my ship I created earlier
and make it a bit bigger.
26 seems good enough.
Okay.
So I group the shape.
With.
Very secular, too.
And then I moved this.
Me on the button so that I can group all of them together and they become one.
Or managing my keyboard.
Okay, great.
So the next thing I'm going to do.
Wait.
But if you notice here, you realize there's a shadow around a button, right?
So I'm going to create a shadow with my button selected.
I just click on effects yet.
And then you see, it gives me a shadow, a subtle shadow.
So I click on the effects settings and then they make the blood 20.
And then this 30.
The wife for.
Okay.
Let me get that.
Let's make the plan.
You see how it looks?
Okay.
So this looks good enough.
This looks good enough to preview.
You can just click on the play button up here.
It loads and gives you a preview of the design.
Great.
So this is how my design look is in progress.
This I look what I'm going to do is I'm going to reduce.
This takes color a bit.
And then we use these sizes, the icon sizes as well.
I said the icon, the menu item options that size just as well.
So I reduce it to 20.
Move this from reduce this to 20 as well.
And change.
Our phone tweets from semi boat medium and then reduce the intensity a bit.
So when I look here, it looks a bit better now, but the spacing between the menu items are a bit too
much.
So I have to reduce those the space a bit.
To do that.
And reduce it to 15.
See how it looks.
Move it a bit closer to the button.
Take my space in between them.
And we see how it looks.
Hmm.
This doesn't look bad.
Let me bring this.
Takes up a bit, too.
Strange.
He seems to look okay.
Yeah.
Saint is good enough.
Let's move the baton up a bit.
So.
Let's see how it looks.
50?
Yes.
Looks good.
So I just have to bring this up a bit.
If we reduce this from 200 to 2 50 to 200.
Q 52 200.
See.
Have a look.
And reduce the width a bit.
Two 540.
Okay.
So this looks good.
This looks good.
I think I still have to reduce the spaces between.
Over here.
Good.
Hmm.
I love what I'm seeing.
Okay.
Let's reduce.
It's a bit.
And sense that it takes incited.
This looks good enough.
This looks good.
It just looks good.
Okay, so moving on, the next thing we are going to do is we are going to be designing this button,
this call button.
Once again, we select a.
Ellipse, too, and then create a circle.
So once again, we select our ellipse to increase create a circle.
Once again, we select our lives too, by pressing.
Or on that keyboard and then create a circle.
It's over the same height to make this 16 year.
Good.
Change it to white.
Change the colour of the circle to white.
And then create a shadow.
Make the schedule to.
Let's make it 20.
See how it looks in the preview.
As reduce our intensity a bit.
Okay.
Let's see how it looks.
If it doesn't make it 15.
Okay.
So this looks good enough.
So the next thing I'm going to do is we are going to look for the phone icon from my quantifier once
again.
So I just pull it up and then search for phone.
Okay.
I'm good with this, so I just drag it onto my ODS board.
And then I send sides.
Then I group it.
So.
May I have my sheep here?
I think I have to reduce the size of bits because it looks a bit too big here, so I'll just reduce
it a bit.
25, I think 25 should be good enough.
So I would use it in a sense that it's in my seconds again.
When I finish, I group it so it looks good enough.